docs/cli.md, before:

# CLI Reference

This document is the source of truth for CLI commands, flags, and option defaults.
For JSON schemas and exit-code semantics, see `docs/output.md` (the source of truth for output behavior).

## Commands

## `codedupes check <path>`

Run duplicate and unused-code analysis.

Default behavior is hybrid-first:

- one synthesized `Hybrid Duplicates` list (combined traditional + semantic evidence)
- likely dead-code candidates

Use `--show-all` to additionally print raw traditional and raw semantic duplicate lists.

Examples:

```bash
codedupes check ./src
codedupes check ./src --json --threshold 0.82
codedupes check ./src --semantic-only
codedupes check ./src --traditional-only --no-unused
codedupes check ./src --show-all
```

Options:

- `-t, --threshold <float>`: Shared threshold for semantic and traditional checks (default `0.82`)
- `--semantic-threshold <float>`: Override semantic threshold only
- `--traditional-threshold <float>`: Override traditional (Jaccard) threshold only
- `--semantic-only`: Run semantic analysis only
- `--traditional-only`: Run traditional analysis only
- `--no-unused`: Disable unused-code detection
- `--strict-unused`: Include public top-level functions in unused checks
- `--suppress-test-semantic`: Suppress semantic duplicate matches involving `test_*` functions
- `--show-all`: Also print raw traditional + raw semantic duplicate lists in combined mode
- `--min-lines <int>`: Minimum statement count for semantic candidates (default `3`)
- `--model <name>`: Embedding model (default `codefuse-ai/C2LLM-0.5B`)
- `--instruction-prefix <text>`: Override default semantic instruction prefix for code/query embeddings
- `--model-revision <rev>`: Model revision/commit hash (default pinned revision for C2LLM)
- `--trust-remote-code / --no-trust-remote-code`: Allow/disallow model remote code execution
- `--batch-size <int>`: Embedding batch size (default `8`)
- `--no-private`: Exclude private (`_name`) functions/classes
- `--exclude <glob>`: Exclude file path glob pattern (repeat option for multiple patterns)
- `--include-stubs`: Include `*.pyi` files
- `--output-width <int>`: Rich render width for non-JSON output (default `160`, min `80`)
- `--show-source`: Show truncated duplicate snippets
- `--json`: Emit JSON instead of rich tables
- `-v, --verbose`: Verbose logs

## `codedupes search <path> "<query>"`

Run semantic search over extracted code units.

Examples:

```bash
codedupes search ./src "sum values in a list" --top-k 5
codedupes search ./src "normalize request payload" --json
```

Options:

- `--top-k <int>`: Number of results (default `10`)
- `--model <name>`: Embedding model (default `codefuse-ai/C2LLM-0.5B`)
- `--instruction-prefix <text>`: Override default semantic instruction prefix for code/query embeddings
- `--model-revision <rev>`: Model revision/commit hash (default pinned revision for C2LLM)
- `--trust-remote-code / --no-trust-remote-code`: Allow/disallow model remote code execution
- `--threshold <float>`: Semantic threshold (default `0.82`)
- `--semantic-threshold <float>`: Override semantic threshold
- `--batch-size <int>`: Embedding batch size (default `8`)
- `--min-lines <int>`: Minimum statement count for semantic candidates (default `3`)
- `--no-private`: Exclude private (`_name`) functions/classes
- `--exclude <glob>`: Exclude file path glob pattern (repeat option for multiple patterns)
- `--include-stubs`: Include `*.pyi` files
- `--output-width <int>`: Rich render width for non-JSON output (default `160`, min `80`)
- `--json`: Emit JSON instead of rich tables
- `-v, --verbose`: Verbose logs

## `codedupes info`

Print version and default settings.

## Validation and mode notes

- Threshold values must be in `[0.0, 1.0]`
- `--batch-size` and `--top-k` must be greater than `0`
- `--min-lines` must be greater than or equal to `0`
- `--output-width` must be at least `80`
- Default `check` behavior degrades to non-semantic analysis if semantic backend fails
- `--semantic-only` and `--traditional-only` bypass hybrid synthesis and show raw method outputs

For JSON payloads and complete exit-code semantics, see `docs/output.md`.

Commit message:

feat(cli): add --full-table to print all check rows

docs/cli.md, after:

# CLI Reference

This document is the source of truth for CLI commands, flags, and option defaults.
For JSON schemas and exit-code semantics, see `docs/output.md` (the source of truth for output behavior).

## Commands

## `codedupes check <path>`

Run duplicate and unused-code analysis.

Default behavior is hybrid-first:

- one synthesized `Hybrid Duplicates` list (combined traditional + semantic evidence)
- likely dead-code candidates

Use `--show-all` to additionally print raw traditional and raw semantic duplicate lists.

Examples:

```bash
codedupes check ./src
codedupes check ./src --json --threshold 0.82
codedupes check ./src --semantic-only
codedupes check ./src --traditional-only --no-unused
codedupes check ./src --show-all
```

Options:

- `-t, --threshold <float>`: Shared threshold for semantic and traditional checks (default `0.82`)
- `--semantic-threshold <float>`: Override semantic threshold only
- `--traditional-threshold <float>`: Override traditional (Jaccard) threshold only
- `--semantic-only`: Run semantic analysis only
- `--traditional-only`: Run traditional analysis only
- `--no-unused`: Disable unused-code detection
- `--strict-unused`: Include public top-level functions in unused checks
- `--suppress-test-semantic`: Suppress semantic duplicate matches involving `test_*` functions
- `--show-all`: Also print raw traditional + raw semantic duplicate lists in combined mode
- `--full-table`: Disable table row truncation and print all rows in terminal output
- `--min-lines <int>`: Minimum statement count for semantic candidates (default `3`)
- `--model <name>`: Embedding model (default `codefuse-ai/C2LLM-0.5B`)
- `--instruction-prefix <text>`: Override default semantic instruction prefix for code/query embeddings
- `--model-revision <rev>`: Model revision/commit hash (default pinned revision for C2LLM)
- `--trust-remote-code / --no-trust-remote-code`: Allow/disallow model remote code execution
- `--batch-size <int>`: Embedding batch size (default `8`)
- `--no-private`: Exclude private (`_name`) functions/classes
- `--exclude <glob>`: Exclude file path glob pattern (repeat option for multiple patterns)
- `--include-stubs`: Include `*.pyi` files
- `--output-width <int>`: Rich render width for non-JSON output (default `160`, min `80`)
- `--show-source`: Show truncated duplicate snippets
- `--json`: Emit JSON instead of rich tables
- `-v, --verbose`: Verbose logs

## `codedupes search <path> "<query>"`

Run semantic search over extracted code units.

Examples:

```bash
codedupes search ./src "sum values in a list" --top-k 5
codedupes search ./src "normalize request payload" --json
```

Options:

- `--top-k <int>`: Number of results (default `10`)
- `--model <name>`: Embedding model (default `codefuse-ai/C2LLM-0.5B`)
- `--instruction-prefix <text>`: Override default semantic instruction prefix for code/query embeddings
- `--model-revision <rev>`: Model revision/commit hash (default pinned revision for C2LLM)
- `--trust-remote-code / --no-trust-remote-code`: Allow/disallow model remote code execution
- `--threshold <float>`: Semantic threshold (default `0.82`)
- `--semantic-threshold <float>`: Override semantic threshold
- `--batch-size <int>`: Embedding batch size (default `8`)
- `--min-lines <int>`: Minimum statement count for semantic candidates (default `3`)
- `--no-private`: Exclude private (`_name`) functions/classes
- `--exclude <glob>`: Exclude file path glob pattern (repeat option for multiple patterns)
- `--include-stubs`: Include `*.pyi` files
- `--output-width <int>`: Rich render width for non-JSON output (default `160`, min `80`)
- `--json`: Emit JSON instead of rich tables
- `-v, --verbose`: Verbose logs

## `codedupes info`

Print version and default settings.

## Validation and mode notes

- Threshold values must be in `[0.0, 1.0]`
- `--batch-size` and `--top-k` must be greater than `0`
- `--min-lines` must be greater than or equal to `0`
- `--output-width` must be at least `80`
- Default `check` behavior degrades to non-semantic analysis if semantic backend fails
- `--semantic-only` and `--traditional-only` bypass hybrid synthesis and show raw method outputs

For JSON payloads and complete exit-code semantics, see `docs/output.md`.
