docs/index.md, before:

# codedupes Documentation

`codedupes` detects duplicate and potentially unused Python code using:

- Traditional AST and token-based duplicate detection
- Near-duplicate matching with Jaccard similarity
- Semantic matching with embedding similarity
- Heuristic unused-code detection

## Documentation ownership (source-of-truth model)

- [docs/install.md](https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes/blob/main/docs/install.md): installation and runtime defaults.
- [docs/cli.md](https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes/blob/main/docs/cli.md): source of truth for CLI commands, flags, and defaults.
- [docs/output.md](https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes/blob/main/docs/output.md): source of truth for JSON payload shapes and exit codes.
- [docs/usage.md](https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes/blob/main/docs/usage.md): workflows and tuning recipes. Links to CLI/output docs for definitive flag/schema semantics.
- [docs/python-api.md](https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes/blob/main/docs/python-api.md): programmatic API usage and result objects.
- [docs/hybrid-tuning.md](https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes/blob/main/docs/hybrid-tuning.md): best-practice workflow for hybrid gate sweep and threshold updates.

## Quick Start

Install the CLI:
[docs/install.md](https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes/blob/main/docs/install.md)

Then run:

```bash
codedupes check ./src
```

For machine-readable output, use JSON:

```bash
codedupes check ./src --json
```

For full command/option details, see
[docs/cli.md](https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes/blob/main/docs/cli.md).

Commit message:

new models, cli cleanup (#3)
* chore: stop tracking scratch workspace

* build: use hatch-vcs dynamic package versioning

* chore: ignore hatch-vcs generated version module

* docs: improve readme quality

Signed-off-by: Peter Szemraj <74869040+pszemraj@users.noreply.github.com>

* feat(semantic): add model profiles and task-aware multi-model backend

* docs(semantic): document model profiles and threshold sweep outputs

* refactor: remove dead semantic paths and consolidate sweep/test helpers

* chore: add missing docstrings and type hints across core modules

* fix: add Returns doc for visit_Constant helper

* feat: add semantic scope controls and tiny duplicate filtering

* docs: consolidate defaults and add analysis source-of-truth

* fix: align combined traditional scope to semantic candidates

* docs: consolidate semantic defaults into model profile reference

* fix(analyzer): use search task default when semantic_task is unset

* fix(analyzer): fallback to full traditional scope on semantic failure

* fix(cli): reject mode-specific flag combinations

* fix(cli): fail fast on missing target paths

* fix(analyzer): validate semantic_task early

* fix(analyzer): align default search task with indexed semantics

* fix: surface semantic fallback in json check output

* fix: isolate json mode from root logging

* docs: clarify json fallback signaling and mode conflicts

* fix(cli): enforce option contract and exclusion semantics

* test(docs): validate core CLI examples are parseable

* fix(cli): align mode routing with semantic/traditional constraints

* fix: make combined semantic fallback explicit and scoped

* refactor: consolidate semantic and cli execution paths

---------

Signed-off-by: Peter Szemraj <74869040+pszemraj@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/index.md, after:

# codedupes Documentation

`codedupes` detects duplicate and potentially unused Python code using:

- Traditional AST and token-based duplicate detection
- Near-duplicate matching with Jaccard similarity
- Semantic matching with embedding similarity
- Heuristic unused-code detection

## Documentation ownership (source-of-truth model)

- [docs/install.md](https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes/blob/main/docs/install.md): installation and dependency/runtime environment setup.
- [docs/model-profiles.md](https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes/blob/main/docs/model-profiles.md): source of truth for semantic model aliases, model-profile defaults, and semantic task behavior.
- [docs/analysis-defaults.md](https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes/blob/main/docs/analysis-defaults.md): source of truth for analysis-behavior defaults and heuristics.
- [docs/cli.md](https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes/blob/main/docs/cli.md): source of truth for CLI commands, flags, and defaults.
- [docs/output.md](https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes/blob/main/docs/output.md): source of truth for JSON payload shapes and exit codes.
- [docs/usage.md](https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes/blob/main/docs/usage.md): workflows and tuning recipes. Links to CLI/output docs for definitive flag/schema semantics.
- [docs/python-api.md](https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes/blob/main/docs/python-api.md): programmatic API usage and result objects.
- [docs/hybrid-tuning.md](https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes/blob/main/docs/hybrid-tuning.md): best-practice workflow for hybrid gate sweep and threshold updates.

## Quick Start

Install the CLI:
[docs/install.md](https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes/blob/main/docs/install.md)

Then run:

```bash
codedupes check ./src
```

For machine-readable output, use JSON:

```bash
codedupes check ./src --json
```

For full command/option details, see
[docs/cli.md](https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes/blob/main/docs/cli.md).
