docs/install.md, before:

# Installation and Runtime Defaults

This page is the source of truth for installation, dependency bounds, and semantic runtime defaults.
Analysis behavior defaults are defined in
[docs/analysis-defaults.md](https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes/blob/main/docs/analysis-defaults.md).

## Install (GitHub source)

```bash
pip install "codedupes @ git+https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes.git"
```

Optional GPU extras:

```bash
pip install "codedupes[gpu] @ git+https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes.git"
```

Requires Python 3.11+.

## Local development (editable install)

```bash
git clone https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes.git
cd codedupes
pip install -e ".[dev]"
codedupes info
```

## Semantic dependency bounds

```bash
pip install "transformers>=4.51,<5" "sentence-transformers>=5,<6"
```

## Default semantic runtime behavior

- Default model alias: `gte-modernbert-base`
- Model profile defaults:
  - `gte-modernbert-base` -> `Alibaba-NLP/gte-modernbert-base`
    - default semantic threshold: `0.96`
    - default trust mode: `trust_remote_code=False`
    - default revision: `auto` (unpinned)
  - `c2llm-0.5b` -> `codefuse-ai/C2LLM-0.5B`
    - default semantic threshold: `0.80`
    - default trust mode: `trust_remote_code=True`
    - default revision: `bd6d0ddb29f0c9a3d0f14281aedc9f940bb8d67a`
  - `embeddinggemma-300m` -> `unsloth/embeddinggemma-300m`
    - default semantic threshold: `0.86`
    - default trust mode: `trust_remote_code=False`
    - default revision: `auto` (unpinned)
- EmbeddingGemma dtype policy: `bfloat16` when supported, otherwise `float32` (no `float16`)
- Default semantic batch size: `8` with CUDA OOM backoff
- Failure behavior:
  - default `check` degrades to traditional + unused analysis with a warning
  - `search` and `check --semantic-only` fail hard

For CLI flags (including `--model-revision` and `--trust-remote-code`), see
[docs/cli.md](https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes/blob/main/docs/cli.md).

Commit message:

docs: consolidate semantic defaults into model profile reference

docs/install.md, after:

# Installation and Runtime Environment

This page is the source of truth for installation and dependency/runtime environment setup.
Analysis behavior defaults are defined in
[docs/analysis-defaults.md](https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes/blob/main/docs/analysis-defaults.md).
Semantic model-profile defaults are defined in
[docs/model-profiles.md](https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes/blob/main/docs/model-profiles.md).

## Install (GitHub source)

```bash
pip install "codedupes @ git+https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes.git"
```

Optional GPU extras:

```bash
pip install "codedupes[gpu] @ git+https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes.git"
```

Requires Python 3.11+.

## Local development (editable install)

```bash
git clone https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes.git
cd codedupes
pip install -e ".[dev]"
codedupes info
```

## Semantic dependency bounds

```bash
pip install "transformers>=4.51,<5" "sentence-transformers>=5,<6"
```

For C2LLM-family models, install `deepspeed` (via `codedupes[gpu]` or direct install).

For semantic model aliases/default thresholds/task behavior, see
[docs/model-profiles.md](https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes/blob/main/docs/model-profiles.md).
For CLI flags (including `--model-revision` and `--trust-remote-code`), see
[docs/cli.md](https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes/blob/main/docs/cli.md).
For runtime failure/exit behavior, see
[docs/output.md](https://github.com/pszemraj/codedupes/blob/main/docs/output.md).
